>=99.5% racemic HA-966 report




Start: I weigh out ~55mg on a 0.01 scale then drop the material into a glass with some water in it. I drink around 65 - 75% of the  water.


~2 - 6 minutes: I begin to feel a nice gabaergic buzz quite similar to alcohol or more precisely Zolpidem (which is one of my favorite drugs). This puts my mind at total ease which going into & up till now was moderately nervous given how rare and obscure HA-966 is.


~7 - 13 minutes: I begin to see level 1 & 2 visual flowing. It's exactly the same look/ style as other hypnotic hallucinogens like Zolpidem & Gabapentin (this looks quite similar to the visual drifting from tryptamines).


~20 - 48 minutes: Both mental & physical effects are very similar to Zolpidem. Physical euphoria is now onpar with 4 - 7 grams of red Kratom. The feeling I describe both physically and mentally as a "grit" of "pins&needles" felt in the whole body not just on the skin with a golden glow. This could be explained as a grid of circles with triangular(curved) empty space where the circles do not touch on the grid. The triangular(curved) empty space has a liquid flow to it with glowing yellow/ gold notions.


~1 - 2.5 hours: The circles of this "grit" have now become colored. They are seen as hypnogogic imagery with eyes open and more strongly with eyes closed. These circles are felt throughout the body too, physically. I began to have visuals & "physiuals" with these whereby the circles would become two different colors with the even numbered circles on the grid being one color and the odd numbered circles on the grid being the other color. Then the even & odd circles would get dragged together merging together into circles of their product color on a grid; for example red & blue would merge into purple or yellow & red into orange circles. Sometimes the even & odd circles would instead appear as two different offset grids and be pulled together in the same way. I realized that in many ways to a large degree that a lower dose is more/ better, with a higher dose this grid would be much more filled up with smaller circles, one of the most interesting parts is the empty space where the circles don't touch on the grid. After circles merging together it would sometimes be realized that these circles were infact pinholes that the color was shining through from behind; merging together with enough strength especially when the grids were offset could cause the circles to rip through/ past one another into the empty space so that the empty space collapses in on itself making the color that was shining through the pinhole circles now a uniform colored light that appears to have no boundaries.


This mirrors the experience of chakras described in a few other reports of HA-966. At the time I'm quite sure that this effect did not have the notion of chakras in my mind. At the time this experience had European woodland fairytale notions similar to Amanita Muscaria and Fluorophenibut. Subsequently I believe that chakras are a good description for this effect and have reproduced it further on HA-966 as well as Fluorophenibut (which is more potent than Chlorophenibut aka Baclofen), and nicotinoylGABA.


~3 - 6 hours: The trip peaked at around 3.5 - 4.5 hours. Open/ closed eye visuals & euphoria strengthened up into the peak. Oev's increased to consistent level 2, frequent level 3, & infrequent level 4 flashes (hard to recall) of visual flowing & breathing. As well as symmetrical texture repetition. Environmental orbism whereby the visual field gets warped by a grid of orbs (each orb warping the environment like it has its own gravity) has become semi common for me ever since I experienced both environmental orbism & cubism during my 15 gram Atlantis truffles + 160mg 6-APB Amsterdam trip which peaked while I was at the Van Gogh museum. I had only experienced environmental orbism a handful of times before when I was big into DXM many years ago.


During the 3 - 6 hour mark I drank three or four 5% beers and used some distillate thc wax a few times. The beers strengthened the dissociative/ hypnotic mental effects along with the Zolpidem-esque body high. Whereas the wax caused the visual effects to become much stronger seeing some level 1&2 up to occasional 3 geometry, and level 2 - 3 internal hallucinations.


Around hour 3.5 dissociation began to be noticed. Given that the R enantiomer (right handed molecule) is responsible for the glycine & nmda effects while the S enantiomer (left handed molecule) is responsible for the sedative & ataxic effects; with a racemic mixture (meaning 50% R and 50% S enantiomers) <55mg of racemic HA-966 is too small a dose for very significant dissociative effects especially given that the R enantiomer has quite stronger glycine effects than nmda effects. Still though around this time the 1st plateau of detachment was solidly reached with the 2nd plateau of detachment being common. Cognitive disconnection was also experienced with thoughts feeling mechanical & autonomous. As well among most other common low level dissociative effects.


The thought came to me. The S enantiomer is responsible solely for the sedative & ataxic effects of HA-966. The mixture of HA-966 should always be >=50% R enantiomer and <=50% S enantiomer; ideally being lab verified as a racemic mixture or R(100%) HA-966 for consistency of dosing. Many online reports describe HA-966 as dysphoric and causing discoordination, which the amount of S enantiomer is quite clearly what is at play here. This causes there to be reports of people taking 120mg - 250mg+ but their mixture was significantly different from yours so the dosage is wildly different. Keeping the notion of less is more explained earlier in mind as well. 


~6.5 - 9 hours: The trip slowly went back down towards baseline over these hours. On the comedown the beer and wax I consumed noticeably brought back stronger effects.


~9 - 10.5 hours: Back to baseline had a goodnight sleep waking up in the morning with no hangover and possibly a slight afterglow.


I would like to repeat again how much the trip contained notions/ feelings of European woodland fairytales similar to Amanita Muscaria.


HA-966 is a tremendous hypnotic hallucinogen similar to Zolpidem with stronger dissociative effects the higher the dose.


Pictures of HA-966 bottle and lab analysis to come.