Being granted of things is that what you are granted of is something, is to say you are granted of something as a state which you will not overcome. Without being granted of things you have nothing to overcome, therefore nothing would be in that there would be no things, no references, no states, or inferrences from past states by repetition. Since you cannot be fully either of, or neither of both since you would be nothing, you are at least some of both. Would this stand as the phenomenology of freedom? That you may experience, and call the originator of that the I, the subject, the will-to-be?
Being is a state (not a process) of choosing fixed points of some things, to become someone. [To become someone, is to have some things, from which you identify being someone.] To overcome being just someone of some things, as a being recognizes some things they want to become, one is to become of the process of becoming someone. [Becoming more of being someone is to not be someone but to be of some thing].

Once becoming of something, one is of some things, being again someone with more some things that you were not of or in overcoming some things a being is of less some things.
Who are you but this? Rather none of this, since you are in the choice, not state or process, since one can be in one place which is being(-of-becoming itself); witnessed by someone by awareness of some things some one is which reveals by emotion some things someone is desiring to be more of or some things one is desiring to overcome and not be of.

Awareness of desires yet only another of a choosing being, in fact of becoming itself; of being aware of desires is to either wish they were some thing they are not or some things they would be which they quickly become as awareness increases desires to become of by process rather than state. State is quickly overcome by process of becoming; of which being aware of is a choosing being in process of being aware.

Being aware is an act of being that has the desire of becoming aware, a state of process [state-to-process], of freeing to become from not being. In simplifying, it is the you or the I, the free you or the free I.

For being is only one thing, itself. Not a will of being itself.
Being desires to become someone aware of some things and of some things to overcome to be of less things. For all, being desires MOST to become aware for some things to become of someone they are not or to be not of some things to overcome of someone they are.
My critique on the concept of free will as semantically inaccurate;
Free will is a wrong saying of a free -agency- of control which by application to life as we commonly mediate through language as you or I (as [state-to-process] of beings in control)
(For I am at least not willing to be in control, rather I AM in control and awareness simply reveals it through desire that we can become more aware of.)
For being aware of desire that arouses being aware it is that desire is to be aware not only of being aware of desires but of being aware itself of becoming someone that has the desire of being aware.
In that there is no other place of being than in awareness itself by which being is always only of a priori desire to reveal itself to become someone from some things.
For that there is no being that has revealed itself than someone who has been revealed to their being therefore becoming someone; the you or the I, not being the desire of awareness when the desire of awareness has been overcome by being or unbecoming of the being that desires.