Dear Professor Kharel, Professor Orecchia, Professor Hanocka, and Gabriel

I am currently behind in all of your classes, but in our future correspondence, I ask that you please do not tell me to drop your class. I find it extremely discouraging and at this point what I need is support.

For physics, the grading is so heavily dependent on the exams, that I need to be prepared for two midterms (one a make-up) before Monday and Friday of this week. I was unable to add into this class until 2nd week even though I requested permission first week because all lab sections were closed during they time they did priority registration (which I have SDS accommodation for) and I was in the hospital over spring break so I couldn't do anything to accelerate the process.

For algorithms, you will be receiving notification (I'm not sure how exactly or when) of a change of policy that allows me to submit assignments 1, 2, and 3 in at any time before grades are due, to accommodate that I missed all of those deadlines (the first one was in the range because I used the 7 days of extension). There's no feasible way to catch up a week of missed homework right after a hospital stay where they train you to do nothing (apart from playing basketball games in socks or making high-pitches noises with Tibetan Singing bowls that cause multiple people to run to the end of the hall because the symphony of mental patients, myself included, was causing a cacophony of piercing noises). I have missed one homework assignment last week that is not accounted for because I was doing nothing but trying to calm myself from plotting revenge against what I think was a bunch of unethical medical treatment. I also missed the midterm, because I was not at all prepared for it for the same aforementioned reasons. I need a C- in this class in order to graduate with my major. Please let me know how I can achieve that.

For graphics, I informed Professor Hanocka that I was unable to submit my first assignment when I was in the lobby of the hospital as I was leaving. She felt the need to inform me it would be unfair to others if she was making a special exemption to give me more time (when it was supposed to take less than a week and we were given more than a week) before then telling me that she would make an exception if I gave her proof of hospitalization. The social worker actually claimed they write up a letter for me to give to the school (and presumably and professors) to make this an easy process. I don't have a letter in any of the papers they gave me, but I was able to provide proof from part of another document. I gave her the date I was hospitalized, the assignment was not supposed to take very long, and it's clearly fair to accommodate someone for time that they were unable to work on your assignment because of a documented hospitalization. I only partially completed the second assignment. It was as far as I got before I collapsed after a medication change that effectively amounted to not giving me a massive shot of adrenaline every morning on top of being incredibly stressed out because I was behind in classes. I had severe insomnia that required 2-3 different medications each night to allow me to sleep and even then it was disrupted sleep. I expect to have no issues with the rest class, but I don't appreciate my first interaction with a new professor being told that I should've planned better around a hospital stay.

For theatre, I haven't been able to keep up with the work or attend classes fully thus far because of the aforementioned hospital stays and my emotions have been all over the place. I had to miss second week class because I had to kick out a stranger that I allowed to live with me with borderline personality disorder, had many substance abuse problems and so was stealing my medications. I missed class third week because I was in the hospital. I missed class fifth week because I was crying trying to memorize a monologue about somebody that had been trapped in a room against their will (which very closely related to being forced inpatient twice) and every attempt at trying to read "The Gender of Sound" just brought me back to this transgender "roommate" who lived with me who sounded feminine to me, but was so self-conscious about her own voice that she wouldn't talk to anyone online without a voice changing program. I didn't want to turn your fifth week theatre class into a therapy session or start crying randomly because of the state I was in.

Previously I had a quarter where 3/4 of my professors recommended I withdraw from their class. I didn't do that, I ignored them and did as much work as I could despite their discouragement and I was able to pass three of them. I was behind in that quarter because my doctor didn't want to give me an antidepressant until he talked to me in person and that meant that I still had severe depression and anxiety for the first few weeks of the quarter. After the medication started working, classes were hard, but they were not impossible. At the end of the quarter I was having auditory hallucinations that were telling me the school was trying to kill me. Medications did not work to get rid of these hallucinations and neither did the 6 weeks of therapy that I went to afterwards. Unfortunately, because I have intermittent auditory hallucinations (which I don't respond to externally in any way), every time I go to the ER for what are ultimately psychosocial problems they want to mess with my medications. If I'm at the ER because it's gotten to the point that I'm having suicidal thoughts they will *petition for me to be involuntarily* hospitalized and then send me to a hospital that *voluntarily* admits me. In Illinois, if you are voluntarily at an inpatient psych facility and request to leave you can be detained without cause for five business days. The law in this state doesn't make any sense. In Texas, where I'm from, they have four hours to decide if they're going to let you leave and in emergency situations they can only hold you for 48 hours. The hospital that UCMED sent me to exploits their patients to get as much insurance money as possible and they can legally do it in this state.

It's not impossible to pass your classes. I need a C- in all of them and I should be able to achieve that. If you discourage me like professors have previously done then all you are doing is setting me up to fail.

You should all have received an email from SDS for extended deadlines and alternative testing (extended time on midterms and exams) accommodations today.

Thanks,
Theron