Your Formal description:
_
ESE's forte is emotional influence on people. Showing his turbulent, sharp emotions, he is able to achieve much. Other people often find it difficult to withstand his emotional pressuring. Discerning of the emotional states of his conversation partner. Can raise his own mood and that of others. Optimistic, instills in his loved ones hope for success and positive outcome. Very sociable, easy makes contact with other people. With pleasure talks about his friends, acquaintances, and relatives. Although ESE usually aims for high social status, he is able to sacrifice it for the sake of his family. A good organizer of events and celebrations within his social circle. Sees to it that everyone is interested and involved, draws people into conversation. Dislikes those who are overly skeptical and hold themselves as separate and aloof.
Very caring in relations to his family and friends. Attentive and responsive. Takes care of people who are not feeling well and those who seem impractical and poorly adapted to life. Understands who needs what kind of help. Won't lend a hand simply for the sake of good relations. With pleasure receives guests. Loves holiday dinners and gatherings. Knows whom to invite, how to behave, what to serve, how to leave a positive impression. Practical in everyday life. Quickly adapts to a new place. Knows how to create comfort from what is readily available at hand. Gets rid of unnecessary things, sells them or gives them away. Picky in his aesthetic taste. Analyzes whether the appearance of others is harmonious. Gives thought to how he dresses, masterfully combining various aspects of his outfit.
The ESE makes himself be active and enterprising in professional and business spheres. Very mobile and energetic. Moves around a lot, meets new people, makes various deals and contracts. Becomes offended if he is considered to be unprofessional and unserious person. Quite fussy and scattered. Often overloads himself with things to do, which very much exhausts him. Actively and directly pushes for this interests or projects, often makes several attempts. In life he achieves much himself, not relying on the help of others. Makes an impression of an agile, expeditious, and skillful person. Often thinks himself impractical, since he achieves visible results only with much effort and work. Does his work quickly, but likes it when he is helped with some things. Could use outside help for running small tasks and assignments. Aims to accomplish several interrelated tasks at the same time, preferably in one swoop.
The ESE poorly assesses how much time is available for his activities. Sometimes he starts on the most important task in the last minute, with which he sentences himself to unnecessary rushing and stress. Appreciates people who warn him about how much time he has left in reserve. Vacillates for a long time before undertaking major, potentially life-changing decisions. Remembers about his past mistakes, but acts not in accord with practical experience, but by subjective tendencies. Suppresses in himself any apprehensive feelings of misfortunes and disasters, and instead orients himself at a positive outcome. Due to this, many of his hopes and expectations lead to disappointments. Impatient, dislikes waiting. Does not respect those who run late, philosophize on empty topics, and waste valuable time.
Feels himself calm and confident when there is order around, a system in place, and no unclear questions. Absorbs complex information only when it gets presented in a clearly structured form. Often a conscientious person, has a responsible attitude towards his assignments and duties, and cannot relax if he hasn't done something as it should be done. Builds his relationships on basis of trust. Does not like having to prove something, to explicate, to repeat many times. Expects others to simply understand his problems and concerns. He is calmed by an objective and impartial analysis of a confusing situation, while what he concretely needs to do he will figure out himself. Searches for ways to rationally organize his household as well as leisure time activities. Has a good sense of his body. Tries to find methods to avoid sickness or to conceal any physical imperfections.
Readily supports new, promising initiatives. He needs alternatives that fuels his enthusiasm and stimulate him to activity. Feels very pleased when his abilities and energy find a proper application. He feels very much suppressed by inability to do something. Needs others to notice and to appreciate his efforts and provide him with encouragement. Provides emotional support for people who walk their own path, not following the beaten track. Himself can light up with an idea and try to push it through, to promote it. Strongly desires to be needed by someone. Offers many ideas for organization of events: conferences, speeches, presentations, holidays, celebrations, advertising campaigns, etc. Avoids cliches, commonness, and vulgarity.
The ESE critically evaluates relationships between people. Openly condemns rudeness and boorishness. Demands attentive and proper relation to himself. Likes to teach ethical behavior to other people - how to be courteous, show good manners. With others usually keeps at short personal distances. Dislikes arrogance, pomposity, affectation, although himself strives to create an impression of aristocratic courteousness. Grows angry when someone gets into disputes with him. In such cases attempts to shame the person, to evoke feelings of guilt in them. If such persuasions are not effective, can start a scandal even. Does not tolerate when someone looks down on him or speaks with him in a haughty tone. Distinguished by a painful sense of fairness. Sees to it that no one is offended or overlooked. For the sake of his loved ones can go for any ventures.
In business relations, he is persistent and nitpicky. If a person does not do the way he thinks it right, he will be reminding them about it, not leaving him in peace until he gets his way. Very self-sufficient and independent in his business person. Knows how to defend his interests and tries to not miss out on benefits. Initiative-taking. Constantly prods other people towards activity and tries to manage and guide their actions. Slowness, halts in activity irritate him. Does not purchase anything just because. Purposefully searches for a product or a seller. Makes his purchases quickly, but always tracks that the items correspond to their prices.